I think it's cooler under behavior thing
with the birds I like like with the blue
tears I like the fact they've got blue
and yellow together
I like the red and the white on the
woodpeckers kingfishers as well they're
probably one of my favorites of most of
all birds actually because they've got
nice turquoise as no oranges in their
feathers and I like to use those colors
together a lot
my name is pornographic and I'm graffiti
artist
today I've been at the honker gallery in
Brighton pins for the ghosts of gone
birds exhibition it's an exhibition
about extinct birds and to raise
awareness to protect other birds in the
world
the birds are painted our new eye birds
from New Zealand they got they got
hunted to extinction because so used on
hats for people back in the Victorian
times I played with my partner Chris
quite a lot
he's goes into the afternoon rocket one
we both get inspired by the same things
nature and the environment I think
that's what I found it has given me a
lot of inspiration in screwing up
somehow that's very green and being able
to see nature at its best I guess
I think it's important to bring nature
into urban spaces there's not enough
awareness on the topic of nature a lot
of young people that I work with through
in spray painting they don't really care
about nature as such and a lot of people
quite ignorant to it my artwork is the
only thing I can do myself to help
spread the message then that's what I'll
do I think everybody relates to one way
or another so it's easy for people to
get inspired and influenced by artwork
that is representing nature and whether
it's kids looking at a mural in a
playground that's a jungle it's a mural
in the city down a back street or
something it as long as it's hitting
somebody in the face I think that's when
people start to be inspired by nature
more often
I've done quite a few projects based
around environmental animal awareness
and and birds and stuff the last one I
did was for the bsp be in Bulgaria for
the red breasted goose projects I went
over and I painted a few things for them
in general though I do like to try and
paint goods in as many countries as I
get to go to
so I've done a hummingbird's in San
Francisco and living goes in Cyprus and
then is a blue - in Manchester as well
that's just a few
I like to spray pains because you can
add these coolers really easily to make
stuff look really vibrant and stand out
off the wall so it's it's quite it's
quite a nice paint to use really I
recommend it for anybody
I think streets on graffiti is gradually
becoming more acceptable for as long as
we're here
people always draw whether it's with
pencil crayons or stones or spray paint
will always be doing it it's just
another way I was expressing ourselves I
think I'd like to keep painting bigger
wildlife on bigger walls that's one of
my aims so for me to be painting artwork
and creating stuff that's you know
bringing awareness to people about
nature and stuff is is what I wanted to
achieve with my work